docs: Fix domain split docs (#6300)
formbricks/formbricks: docs/self-hosting/configuration/domain-configuration.mdx

- The system behaves as a single domain setup
- No domain separation occurs

### Reverting to a Single Domain
While it's possible to revert to a Single Domain setup, please take into account the following:

> 1. All image links are stored in the database so they will continue to link to the Private Domain **hence the links will break.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. All image links and uploaded files are stored in the database, so they will continue to link to the Public Domain **hence the links will break.** You'll need to reupload the images, like you did when you set up the domain split. 
```

2. Any survey link shared to with the Public Domain **will break.**
3. API calls to the Public Domain **will break**, unless updated.

> 4. etc.

Reviewer: I think the first 3 points are clear enough.
```suggestion
```
